



Network Working Group                                         M. Stucchi
Internet-Draft                                                  RIPE NCC
Expires: August 24, 2016                                  S. Kostantaras
                                                              NLnet Labs
                                                       February 21, 2016


                      The third generation of RPSL

Abstract

   This memo presents some modifications to the Routing Policy
   Specification Language (RPSL), creating the third generation of the
   language.  It fixes some issues left from the previous standards, and
   enhances the language.  Enhancements include the addition of
   recommendations for using RPSL to describe routing policies in
   Internet Exchange environments running route servers and other minor
   corrections.

Status of This Memo

   This Internet-Draft is submitted in full conformance with the
   provisions of BCP 78 and BCP 79.

   Internet-Drafts are working documents of the Internet Engineering
   Task Force (IETF).  Note that other groups may also distribute
   working documents as Internet-Drafts.  The list of current Internet-
   Drafts is at http://datatracker.ietf.org/drafts/current/.

   Internet-Drafts are draft documents valid for a maximum of six months
   and may be updated, replaced, or obsoleted by other documents at any
   time.  It is inappropriate to use Internet-Drafts as reference
   material or to cite them other than as "work in progress."

   This Internet-Draft will expire on August 24, 2016.

Copyright Notice

   Copyright (c) 2016 IETF Trust and the persons identified as the
   document authors.  All rights reserved.

   This document is subject to BCP 78 and the IETF Trust's Legal
   Provisions Relating to IETF Documents
   (http://trustee.ietf.org/license-info) in effect on the date of
   publication of this document.  Please review these documents
   carefully, as they describe your rights and restrictions with respect
   to this document.  Code Components extracted from this document must
   include Simplified BSD License text as described in Section 4.e of



Stucchi & Kostantaras    Expires August 24, 2016                [Page 1]

Internet-Draft        The third generation of RPSL         February 2016


   the Trust Legal Provisions and are provided without warranty as
   described in the Simplified BSD License.

1.  Introduction

   This is the introductory section.

2.  Security Considerations

   This memo raises no security issues;

3.  Example Policy

   This section contains an example policy for an Internet Service
   Provider.  This should serve as the basis for an operator to start
   drafting their own set of rules.

Authors' Addresses

   Massimiliano Stucchi
   RIPE NCC

   Email: mstucchi@ripe.net


   Stavros Kostantaras
   NLnet Labs

   Email: stavros@nlnetlabs.nl






















Stucchi & Kostantaras    Expires August 24, 2016                [Page 2]
